Update the desciption of the developer setup (#121)
lf-lang/lf-lang.github.io: packages/documentation/copy/en/developer/Developer Setup.md

---
title: Developer Setup
layout: docs
permalink: /docs/handbook/developer-setup
oneline: "Setting up Lingua Franca for developers."
preamble: >
---

# Cloning the Repository

```
git clone git@github.com:lf-lang/lingua-franca.git
cd lingua-franca
git submodule update --init --recursive
```

# Building from the Command Line

## Command Line Tools

You can the build the Lingua Franca compiler and other CLI tools with Gradle using `./bin/lfc --version`.

There are scripts in `bin` which you can use to run the compiler or other tools. For instance: `./bin/lfc --version`.

## Epoch

> The Epoch IDE can be build with Maven using `mvn compile && mvn pacakge`. The resulting executable is then located within `org.lflang.rca/target/products/org.lflang.rca/`. On a 64-bit Linux, the binary is `org.lflang.rca/target/products/org.lflang.rca/linux/gtk/x86_64/epoch/epoch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Epoch IDE can be built with Maven using `mvn clean package`. The resulting tar an zip archives for all supported platforms can be found in `./org.lflang.rca/target/products/`. Platform-specific binaries can be found in the `org.lflang.rca` subdirectory. For instance, a 64-bit Linux binary will be located in `./org.lflang.rca/target/products/org.lflang.rca/linux/gtk/x86_64/epoch/epoch`.
```
